How dare you talk too much
I didn't hear what my uncle said.
I see you are alive and impatient. Get out
Hey
Uncle, why are you hitting me?
Obviously a fool, don't worry
Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu suffers
It is the Shitai Mountain where I have shadows
Yeah, I can't stand him.
Uncle Lu, have you been deceived by him?
It's really impossible
They're all your legs.
How could he be the chairperson of Hongyan?
Yes, yes, that phone must have been stolen.
You all shut up
How can I talk to Mr. Lu?
Kneel down for me
Get out of here!
I just said negative about the Zhao family
You are the eldest grandson again
Be polite
No no no uncle
It's my fault
I'll kill this little brat now
What are you still doing?
Take it down and rub the mud
It's Uncle Zheng looking at my dad's face
Forgive me, my son
Do you know how to be a scholar?
Mr. Lu, forgive me, Mr. Lu
It's all a woman's business, Mr. Lu
Go to Mr. Lu
Please forgive me, Mr. Lu
Teaching, Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu
Mr. Liu, do you think we are satisfied with this handling?
I didn't make it clear enough.
Or do you know how to cut hair?
What I just said was to destroy the Zhao family